feat(react-scheduler): allow recurrence appointment rendering (#1956)
DevExpress/devextreme-reactive: packages/dx-react-scheduler/docs/guides/appointments.md

.embedded-demo({ "path": "scheduler-all-day-panel/week-view", "showThemeSelector": true })

## Recurring Appointments

> A recurring appointment is an appointment repeated after a specified period of time. An object that defines such an appointment should contain the `rRule` field whose value has the [iCalendar RRULE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.8.5.3) format. To exclude specific dates from recurrence, specify the exceptions in the `exDate` field. Its values should have the [iCalendar EXDATE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.8.5.1) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A recurring appointment is an appointment that is repeated after a specified time. An object that defines such an appointment should contain the `rRule` field whose value has the [iCalendar RRULE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.8.5.3) format. To exclude specific dates from recurrence, specify the exceptions in the `exDate` field. Its values should have the [iCalendar EXDATE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.8.5.1) format.
```

> A recurring appointment is an appointment that repeats after a specified period of time. An object defining a recurring appointment should contain the `rRule` field that follows the [iCalendar RRULE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.3.10) 5545 specification. To exclude dates from a recurrence, specify exceptions to the current recurring appointment using the `exDate` option follows the [iCalendar EXDATE](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.8.5.1).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A recurring appointment is an appointment repeated after a specified period of time. An object that defines such an appointment should contain the `rRule` field whose value follows [Section 3.3.10](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.3.10) of the iCalendar RFC 5545 specification. To exclude specific dates from recurrence, specify the exceptions in the `exDate` field. Its values should follow the [Section 3.8.5.1](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc5545#section-3.8.5.1) of the same specification.
```
